[Toothpick] add address and battery information (#1664)
raycast/extensions: extensions/toothpick/CHANGELOG.md

# Toothpick Changelog

> ## [Add Battery Level] - 2022-05-11
> 
> Add more info to bluetooth connections
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Add battery level indicator and device address] - 2022-05-11

- Add battery level indicator for each connected Bluetooth device
- Add Bluetooth device address in menu
```
